This recipe is brought to you by Serjella Olive Oil
Steak Sandwich with Caramelized Onions
Serves: 2
Ingredients
1 beef steak
1 tbsp Serjella extra virgin olive oil, plus extra for drizzling
1 small cibatta bread loaf
A handful rocket leaves
Salt and black pepper to taste
Ingredients for the caramelized onion
1 large onion, thinly sliced
1 tsp Serjella extra virgin olive oil
1 tsp butter
1 tsp sugar
1 tsp balsamic vinegar
¼ tsp salt
Directions for the caramelized onion
Heat the olive oil and butter in a pan and sauté the onion until soft
Add the salt, sugar and balsamic vinegar and continue cooking until brown
Directions for the steak
Season the steak with salt and pepper on both sides
Heat the olive oil in a pan and cook the steak for 2 minutes on each side.
Leave the steak to rest for 2-3 minutes then slice thinly.
Cut the ciabatta bread in half lengthways
brush with a little olive oil and grill for 10 minutes in a preheated oven at 200°C
Assemble the sandwich
Spread the onions on one half of the bread then top with the meat and the rocket leaves
Cover with the second half of the bread then cut the sandwich in half.